Contents: Halo CE Sound Converter: Version  4.5.16
2: Version 2.5.119
Author: Clickteam/Custom Curtis Sounds/{TLS}Udie

Thanks to {TLS}Udie and Custom Curtis Applications for their Halo CE sound converter utility that is easy to use - and is lightyears ahead of the many stupid stupid stupid tutorials by smart people on creating custom sounds.  Take any sound in any format (almost any) and convert it into a useable tag for Halo CE in roughly 3 seconds.  No, I am not kidding.  It will also break long sounds into permutations. 

To use:  Drop all files in this archive into your Halo Custom Edition folder, and replace and existing files with these new ones.  To use the sound converter, double click 2.exe and follow the on screen prompts.  Also comes with easy to follow instructions

After reading many useful, but also conflicting tutorials on creating halo sounds using tool, this utility kicks-butt hands down.  It is very easy to use as well.  I could not find the application anywhere - but finally did, and thought it would be more widely accessable if halomaps had it listed as well.  Why use a tutorial on using tool for sounds at all? 

 It has not occured to most tutorial creators that although their machine, their configuration and their skill they could make a sound very easily - that THOUSANDS have tried and failed.  It was NOT their tutorials that failed, but tool.exe engine itself, and the entire tool base that was failing the users.  Yes, many will defend it claiming the rest of us are just stupid . . . . ignore them (they dont know that they ARE stupid insulting nerds who enjoy talking down to us)

I used tool to create sounds and it usually required 90 attempts per sound, having all the codecs, and configuration set thousands of different ways - and they ALL failed, it was only an accident that I was able to actually create sounds myself.  Well, this works - so no more countless hours wasted to do something so easy (as the converter makes it appear to be).

Thanks a ton to {TLS} Udie and Rad Game Tools!
Sincerely, NerveBooger


------------------- The Following is From Rad Game Tools: -----------------------

We have several options for redistributing Bink files. We have tried to handle most licensing situations, but it you don't see a license that works for you - just give us a call. We're happy that you're using Bink, and we want to make distribution easy! 

1.	Your first distribution option is to accompany your Bink files with one of the players from the RAD Video Tools. These utilities all display a RAD Game Tools credit. 
You can distribute these utilities for no licensing fees as long as you do NOT circumvent this notice. Any attempt to hide the notice voids your right to distribute the files. 

2.	The second distribution option is to simply license a version of the Bink Player that doesn't display the RAD Game Tools credit. The "silent" version of the player is available on a per-site, unlimited-products basis. 

3.	The last distribution option is our Bink SDK. With the SDK, you have complete control over the entire Bink decompression process. The Bink SDK is licensed on a per-product or per-site basis. 

Again, we are committed to making distribution easy, so if you have any questions about the distribution options, just give us a call at 425.893.4300, or drop us an E-mail. 

-----------------------